# Neighborhood MAP of the city of Zagreb

*To run the app download all the files and open index.html file in any browser. Or visit a live page here http://marina-tolj.github.io./*

On initial load the app shows Google map with different map markers on it and a window with dropdown 
list and list of all the map marker names. User can interact with the map in several ways, by clicking 
on the map markers, searching by place/ marker name in the text input filter, by clicking on the items 
in the list or categories in the dropdown list.

## Interacting with map markers:
When the user clicks on the individual marker on the map the marker starts to bounce, a name of the this 
place/ marker, a list of Wikipedia links connected to this marker (this place on the map), and a street 
view image appears in the info window. After a short while, or when the user clicks on the same marker 
again the marker will stop bouncing.

## Interacting with the text input filter:
User can filter the markers by typing in the name of the place. If the name exist the marker corresponding 
to it, and a name on the list of Place names will appear. If the text entered does not match any names 
there will be a message that that place is not mapped yet.

## Interacting with the dropdown list:
The dropdown list lets the user select from the types (categories) of markers. All of the markers are 
currently split into four different types: park, food, sport and culture. When the user selects a type, 
only the markers with that type will appear on the map and in the list of marker names. If the users 
selects “All” from the dropdown list, then all of the markers will appear on the map. Selecting any of 
the types from the dropdown list will also hide the Wikipedia Links window, since all the links are 
specific to a single place (marker).

## Interacting with the list of marker names (titles):
When the user clicks on an item in the list, only the map marker with the same name will be displayed 
on the map. 

## Wikipedia Links in info window:
When a single marker or an item in the list of marker names is clicks it sets this window to visible. 
The window will feature links to Wikipedia articles generated by searching the name of the marker. 
If there are no articles for selected marker, a message will appear saying there are no articles for 
this place. If there is something wrong and app cannot fetch the articles an error message will appear.

This app uses Google map with customized style, the source of the style is: https://snazzymaps.com/style/22/old-timey
The app also uses custom made map marker images that are made according to the different types: park, food, sport and culture.
Additional markers can be easily added to the map in the mapMarkers array. 

## Dealing with the error on Google Maps api:
If the api does not respond, there will be an alert to the user that Google maps cannot load.

The app uses both the dropdown list and a text input filter since the markers are separated in the 
different types, creating a fun user experience of instantly seeing what types are available on the map. 
For example if user wanted to spend the day in the parks of Zagreb they could see all the options right 
away, or if they wanted to have a dinner they could see all the food related places by selecting the 
Food type of the dropdown list.
